we just need this one feature can we
just get this on the road map what's the
best way to help that salesperson
understand why it's not happening help
them feel like okay I get it is it
exactly what just said like okay we
could change everything here's the story
points you have this quarter well are
you assuming are you assuming that PM is
the header product or or empowered
enough to make the decisions I'd say
yeah that PM could put something on the
road map if they think it's important
the the reason I'm a little confused
just but I want to get it right is I'm
hearing what I'm hearing which maybe
isn't what what you said what I'm
hearing is a Jun an Junior IC rep is
talking to kind of a more mid-level
product person about the road map that's
a bro as and that's you want to have
that that's like one of the reasons we
actually go to the office because those
discussions don't happen on Zoom Lenny
they don't happen and you want those
discussions to happen but you don't
actually want them empowered you want
them to say listen I will talk to my
boss that's the right answer it's too
confusing this stress between product
and sales is a good thing it's a it's a
sign of a well-run B2B company when
there is stress between product and
sales it's a good sign it is a good if
there's no stress you're not you're not
in enough deals you're not in enough
deals if there's no stress but the
stress has to have enough process even
in a startup that it doesn't break
because as your question looks the fact
it can break organizations again and
again right people get people resented
on either side right and so you this is
one thing where the answer has to be
look we can chat about it over lunch we
can chat about this and and and and
actually you've got a good idea you
you're individual contributor I'm tell
my boss on Monday that I think we should
do I'm gonna I'm GNA use a little social
to say we should do this but you got to
push the decisions up that's as far as
it go make recomend otherwise in instead
of that one one stressful conversation
at the VP level you've got a hundred
you've got 10 times 10 times 100 in
again they're fun lunch conversations
but they they wreck you so the advice
there is basically talk to your manager
I'll talk to my manager they need to
Hash this out it's not my call I think
you got to push it up and I think you
got to force the vpa sales and the vpa
product to have this weekly meeting
about the budget and that will force
them to have enough just enough
organization on their team so that it
can all be surfaced up because that
means they each have to have a meeting
with their team for 30 minutes each week
and say I'm gonna put up on the
Whiteboard guys to my sales team I'm
gonna put up on the white like the sales
team's gonna say and I've been in many
of these meetings where you force the
sales team to Force rank what they want
and you you end up I can tell you Lenny
100% of the time in the sales meeting
when you force do a whiteboard Force
rank you end up walking out with very
different uh outputs than when you start
the meeting in sales 100% of time on the
product side you need to do the convers
you you just say we owe sales 10% of our
points so we're going to put in a weekly
in our team meeting we're going to put
in 15 minutes of our team meeting and
we're going to make sure we have the
priorities right from the sales team
let's go over what I got from Linda this
is what she says is she wrong should we
do something how can we help the sales
team be even more successful and what
inputs is the team hearing and they can
raise their head they say look I just
had this hallway conversation with Bobby
but honestly Lenny I can build a Subs
spot integration in a day what I thought
it I thought it was really hard no I did
it my last company and listen actually
we can actually Outsource it to Bob and
Linda at this agency I know for 20 grand
they'll build it next week I'm like
that's a magical moment right that's a
magical moment but you got to each have
these parallel meetings or it's just
it's just it's just that the good thing
that tension can become a can become
debilitating right you when you we've
all seen those fights those almost
fights that break out and they come from
the a place of passion right but you got
to have structure great advice another
Trend I've been noticing is that product
teams are taking on p&l responsibilities
and revenue goals what's your sense of
is that good is that bad how do you
think about that for product teams you
want everyone to be aligned on the big
picture with a revenue goal for the end
of the year is the question you mean
having Financial bonuses and stuff tied
to hitting the plan more that their kpis
and their okrs are essentially like this
much revenue you need to drive this much
revenue from your experiments from your
product launches as you can see I have a
lot of opinions on on things here that
are data driven they're life experience
this one I don't I need another year in
the oven and I'll tell you why I'll tell
you why what happened the last 18 months
is in customer success which is a which
is you know in the old days it was
related to product now it's it's less so
which is I think is unfortunate in
customers in the last 18 months this
happened all across the industry 24
months ago customer success's goal was
happy customers measured in retention
sometimes nrr like net retention with
UPS sales sometimes with grr like just
logos how many logos say that was your
only job happy customers happy customer
then things got harder in many areas of
B2B and every customer success team last
year their goal was Revenue you need to
bring in more revenue from existing base
and it destroyed customer relationships
it had there is a leading public company
I will not name him I'm a positive guy I
will tell you a company we all have used
for years and loved okay and they did
this to their customer success team and
they came to us last year we paid $299 a
month for this product for our team they
asked us for $50,000 up front or said
they would turn it off that day
that week maybe it was that week
$50,000 that's what happens when you
weaponize and so customer success I know
this is going to trigger some people but
it is true when I talk to leaders
customer success got weaponized and I
don't like it okay I don't like it as a
product as a all founders are product
people I think I don't like it as a
product because I think it's bad for
customers that experience I got was
horrific wasn't it that 50,000 to being
told and it got walked back and